RHDEVDOCS-4719+4724 Improve Tekton Hub config UX + Support for Crunchy Postgres with Tekton Hub (#54522)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-modifying-catalog-refresh-interval-tekton-hub.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// *cicd/pipelines/using-tekton-hub-with-openshift-pipelines.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="modifying-catalog-refresh-interval-tekton-hub_{context}"]
= Modifying the catalog refresh interval of {tekton-hub}

[role="_abstract"]

> The default catalog refresh interval for {tekton-hub} is 30 minutes. Cluster administrators can modify the automatic catalog refresh interval by modifying the value of the `catalogRefreshInterval` field in the `TektonConfig` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default catalog refresh interval for {tekton-hub} is 30 minutes. Cluster administrators can modify the automatic catalog refresh interval by modifying the value of the `catalogRefreshInterval` field in the `TektonHub` CR.
```

[discrete]
.Procedure

> . Modify the value of the `catalogRefreshInterval` field in the `TektonConfig` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Modify the value of the `catalogRefreshInterval` field in the `TektonHub` CR.
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.tekton.dev/v1alpha1
kind: TektonHub
metadata:
  name: hub
spec:
  targetNamespace: openshift-pipelines <1>
  api:
    catalogRefreshInterval: 30m <2>
----

> <1> The namespace in which {tekton-hub} must be installed; default is `openshift-pipelines`.

Reviewer 2: Are you saying {tekton-hub} must be installed in `openshift-pipelines`? If not, it might help to reword this.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
<1> The namespace where {tekton-hub} runs. The default value is `openshift-pipelines`.
```

Author: Yes, it is about installation. But I have reworded.
